>> Brian Holt: Let's talk a little
bit about this.props.children.
For the most part, on props,
there's nothing really reserved keyword,
you can just pass anything in.
There's two exceptions to this,
as far as I know there might be more, but
there's definitely at least two.
Key, right, key, which we use for
when we're doing maps that
do with components to make sure
that they don't do it for you.
Or reorder them that there can be
that performance optimization that we
talked about previously, right?
The other one is children, so if I look
at let's say, go back to app.js just for
a second, inside of Router, notice
that Router opens and closes, right?
So anything that goes inside of Router,
Router can refer to as
this.props.children.
So it's whatever children
components are being passed to it.
So in this case, we're passing results,
details, and search params.
Notice that these don't have any children,
they're self closing tags.
So that's what children is, children
is whatever things were pasded to.
So if we go back to modal we're
just rendering out whatever
children are put inside of it.
Cool, so that's what modal is,
it's this ability to render into this
modal route that we grabbed up here.